Enhance builds and push (#559)
kubeflow/model-registry: clients/ui/README.md

You can find the OpenAPI specification for the Model Registry UI in the [openapi](./api/openapi) directory.
A live version of the OpenAPI specification can be found [here](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubeflow/model-registry/main/clients/ui/api/openapi/mod-arch.yaml).

## Environment Variables

> The following environment variables are used to configure the deployment and development environment for the Model Registry project. These variables should be defined in a `.env.local` file in the root directory of the project. **This values will affect the build and push commands**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following environment variables are used to configure the deployment and development environment for the Model Registry UI. These variables should be defined in a `.env.local` file in the `clients/ui` directory of the project. **This values will affect the build and push commands**.
```
